timeLog.md, before:

# Time Log

| Date | Task | Hours |
|------|------|-------|
| 1/18/21 | Set up environment for Enterprise Java course. Made sure everything works correctly | 2 |
| 1/20/21 | Completed week 1 activities  | 4  |
| 1/22/21 | Completed week 1 exercise | 2 |
| 1/24/21 | Worked through half of week 2 activities | 2 | |
| 1/25/21 | Received call for family emergency. Emailed instructor. Work postponed | .5 |
| 2/2/21  | Resumed work. Brought up week 2 for refresher | 0.5 |
| 2/5/21  | Completed most week 2 activities | 2 |
| 2/7/21  | Completed week 2 exercise | 4 |
| 2/8/21  | Working through week 3. Completed creating README.md and timeLog.md | 1.5 |
| 2/8/21  | Finished week 3 activity. Got log4j and jUnit working | 2 |
| 2/9/21  | Finished log4j and jUnit exercise. Fixed week 2 exercise. Worked some on indie project | 8 |
| 2/10/21 | Created basic Project Plan and wrote out common User Stories | 2 |
| 2/12/21 | Finished first screen designs | 2.5 |
| 2/13/21 | Tried figuring out Hibernate all afternoon | 4 |
| 2/14/21 | Reinstalled MySQL to fix bugs. Got Hibernate working with new test database. | 8 |
| 2/15/21 | Got jUnit to test 100% of UserDao. Implemented most logging | 3 |
| 2/15/21 | Added some webapp structure | 2 |
| 2/16/21 | Figured out IGDB API with Postman | 2 |
| 2/17/21 | Designed full first draft of database and made new entities | 4 |
| 2/18/21 | Applied one to many relationships and set a few tests | 2 |
| 2/19/21 | Corrected WishedGameDao and finished unit tests | 4 |
| 2/24/21 | Applied to most companies at career fair | 6 |
| 2/25/21 | Finished peer code reviews | 2 |
| 2/26/21 | Start AWS instance and database | 4 |
| 2/28/21 | Finish hosting userdisplayexercise on AWS | 3 |
| 3/2/21  | Updated files based on peer review feedback and for checkpoint 2 | 1.5 |
| 3/19/21 | Created role entity | 1 |
| 3/23/21 | Worked on GenericDao | 3 |
| 3/28/21 | Worked on authentication | 2 |
| 3/29/21 | Deployed project with improved security to AWS | 5 |
| 3/30/21 | Finished authentication work | 3 |
| 4/4/21  | Worked on team branching exercise | 4 |
| 4/11/21 | Worked on implementing igdb.com API. Create test, class, and id reference. | 5 |
| 4/11/21 | Got a test working for each of the APIs. Created AppsItem class for steamId references | 5 |
| 4/12/21 | Worked on AppDetails endpoint for steampowered.com API. Added a test and classes to get all project related info. | 5 |
| 4/12/21 | Edited WishedGame to include steamId and gameName. Built more webapp pages. | 5 |

Commit message:

Build more webapp: add crucial pages, try to work authentication

timeLog.md, after:

# Time Log

| Date | Task | Hours |
|------|------|-------|
| 1/18/21 | Set up environment for Enterprise Java course. Made sure everything works correctly | 2 |
| 1/20/21 | Completed week 1 activities  | 4  |
| 1/22/21 | Completed week 1 exercise | 2 |
| 1/24/21 | Worked through half of week 2 activities | 2 | |
| 1/25/21 | Received call for family emergency. Emailed instructor. Work postponed | .5 |
| 2/2/21  | Resumed work. Brought up week 2 for refresher | 0.5 |
| 2/5/21  | Completed most week 2 activities | 2 |
| 2/7/21  | Completed week 2 exercise | 4 |
| 2/8/21  | Working through week 3. Completed creating README.md and timeLog.md | 1.5 |
| 2/8/21  | Finished week 3 activity. Got log4j and jUnit working | 2 |
| 2/9/21  | Finished log4j and jUnit exercise. Fixed week 2 exercise. Worked some on indie project | 8 |
| 2/10/21 | Created basic Project Plan and wrote out common User Stories | 2 |
| 2/12/21 | Finished first screen designs | 2.5 |
| 2/13/21 | Tried figuring out Hibernate all afternoon | 4 |
| 2/14/21 | Reinstalled MySQL to fix bugs. Got Hibernate working with new test database. | 8 |
| 2/15/21 | Got jUnit to test 100% of UserDao. Implemented most logging | 3 |
| 2/15/21 | Added some webapp structure | 2 |
| 2/16/21 | Figured out IGDB API with Postman | 2 |
| 2/17/21 | Designed full first draft of database and made new entities | 4 |
| 2/18/21 | Applied one to many relationships and set a few tests | 2 |
| 2/19/21 | Corrected WishedGameDao and finished unit tests | 4 |
| 2/24/21 | Applied to most companies at career fair | 6 |
| 2/25/21 | Finished peer code reviews | 2 |
| 2/26/21 | Start AWS instance and database | 4 |
| 2/28/21 | Finish hosting userdisplayexercise on AWS | 3 |
| 3/2/21  | Updated files based on peer review feedback and for checkpoint 2 | 1.5 |
| 3/19/21 | Created role entity | 1 |
| 3/23/21 | Worked on GenericDao | 3 |
| 3/28/21 | Worked on authentication | 2 |
| 3/29/21 | Deployed project with improved security to AWS | 5 |
| 3/30/21 | Finished authentication work | 3 |
| 4/4/21  | Worked on team branching exercise | 4 |
| 4/11/21 | Worked on implementing igdb.com API. Create test, class, and id reference. | 5 |
| 4/11/21 | Got a test working for each of the APIs. Created AppsItem class for steamId references | 5 |
| 4/12/21 | Worked on AppDetails endpoint for steampowered.com API. Added a test and classes to get all project related info. | 5 |
| 4/13/21 | Edited WishedGame to include steamId and gameName. Built more webapp pages. | 5 |
| 4/14/21 | Built more of the webapp. Need to figure out user vs admin authentication. | 4 |
